Port `rewrite_strat` to Ltac2 (#20544)
rocq-prover/rocq: doc/changelog/06-Ltac2-language/20544-radrow-gh-20482-rewrite_strat-Added.rst

- **Added:**

>   Ported `rewrite_strat` to Ltac2 and added the `rewstrategy` type for describing rewrite strategies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ported `rewrite_strat` to Ltac2 and added the `Rewrite.Strategy.t` type for describing rewrite strategies
```
